Well, generally you're going if you're talking about, like, career type
jobs, Um, generally, you're going to be looking to start a job like
maybe after you finish your bachelor's degree. So you should start
looking for those jobs at least a couple of months in advance, if not
a little bit sooner than that. Um, oftentimes, especially in businesses.
You know, once they've made the decision to hire you, they want
you to start fairly quickly. So you don't want to start too far
in advance because you don't want to get a position and then say, Oh,
yeah. And by the way, I can't start working until June. Um, so you
know, if, like, let's say that you're graduating in May of 2021 I would
probably start looking for jobs in December, January time. I would
start applying for jobs, maybe in March or April, somewhere around
there, but probably not much sooner than that